Minor grammar fixes (#144)
PaperMC/PaperDocs: source/server/configuration.rst

  client/server disagreement, which may cause glitchy behaviour for players.
  This setting attempts to mitigate this desync by sending precise locations
  for entities involved in collisions. Having this enabled will use more

>   bandwidth, however, in the majority of cases, this is a worthy tradeoff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  bandwidth; however, in the majority of cases, this is a worthy tradeoff.
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* **default**: true
* **description**: Instructs the server to remove certain NBT data from

>   spawneggs, falling blocks, and other often-abused items in creative mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  spawn eggs, falling blocks, and other often abused items in creative mode.
```

~~~~~~~~~

.. note::

>    More in-depth anti-xray documentation as well as a recommended configuration 

Reviewer 2: drop the "a" again
